Developer skills/developer-skills.md, before:

# THINGS TO DO TO BE A GOOD DEVELOPER

1. Set a specific, measurable, realistic and time-based goal for yourself. Imagine a big project you wanna do.

2. Understand the code and then type.

3. After you learn a new feature or concept ,use it immediately. Take notes and challenge yourself.

4. Practice on your own. Come up with your own project ideas. Practice outside your course.

5. Don't get stuck trying to write the perfect code. Just write a tons of code, no matter the quality. Clean and efficient code will come on its own.

6. Embrace that you will not know everything.

7. Don't learn in isolation. Explain the new concepts to othe people. Share your goals to make yourself accountable.

8. After finishing a couple of courses don't think yourself as a web developer(Job-ready). Course are jsut an amaizng starting point, but are only the beginning of your journey. You need to have the mindest of fixing problems.

- You'll never stop learning in your life when you start coding.

# 4 Steps to solve any problem

1. Make sure you 100% understand the problem. Ask the right questions to get a clear picture of the problem.

2. Divide and conquer: Break a big problem into a smaller sub-problem.

3. Don't be afraid to do as much research as you have to.

4. For bigger problems, write pseudo-code before writing the actual code.

Commit message:

Developer basic skills to know

Developer skills/developer-skills.md, after:

# THINGS TO DO TO BE A GOOD DEVELOPER

1. Set a specific, measurable, realistic and time-based goal for yourself. Imagine a big project you wanna do.

2. Understand the code and then type.

3. After you learn a new feature or concept ,use it immediately. Take notes and challenge yourself.

4. Practice on your own. Come up with your own project ideas. Practice outside your course.

5. Don't get stuck trying to write the perfect code. Just write a tons of code, no matter the quality. Clean and efficient code will come on its own.

6. Embrace that you will not know everything.

7. Don't learn in isolation. Explain the new concepts to othe people. Share your goals to make yourself accountable.

8. After finishing a couple of courses don't think yourself as a web developer(Job-ready). Course are jsut an amaizng starting point, but are only the beginning of your journey. You need to have the mindest of fixing problems.

- You'll never stop learning in your life when you start coding.

# 4 Steps to solve any problem

1. Make sure you 100% understand the problem. Ask the right questions to get a clear picture of the problem.

2. Divide and conquer: Break a big problem into a smaller sub-problem.

3. Don't be afraid to do as much research as you have to.(You can use Google, ChatGpt, StackOverflow or MDN)

4. For bigger problems, write pseudo-code before writing the actual code.

# Debugging

**Software bug:** Defect or problem in a computer program. Basically, any _unexpected or unintended behaviour_ of computer program.

> Bugs are _completely normal_ in software development.

The Debugging process

1. Identify the bug
   > Become aware that there is a bug. Be keen with:
   - During the development.
   - Testing software.
   - Use reports during production
   - Context: browsers , users etc
2. Find
   > Isolating where exactly the bug is happening in code. Use **Developer console** for simple code and **Debugger** for complex code.
3. Fix
   > Replace the wrong solution with the new correct solution.
4. Prevent
   > Preventing it from happening again. That is searching for the same bug in similar code and also writing tests using testing software.
